📖 Fix target management cluster broken link (#2042)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/user/quick-start.md

{{#/tab }}
{{#/tabs }}

> After the controlplane is up and running, let's retrieve the [target management cluster] Kubeconfig:

Reviewer: This is actually the workload cluster. But I see Workload cluster is missing from the glossary.

If you change this to 
```suggestion
After the controlplane is up and running, let's retrieve the [workload cluster] Kubeconfig:
```

And add the Workload cluster definition to the glossary and link to it then we'll be good to get this merged
